Add jsonschema format checker installation that does not install GPL-… (#134)
networktocode/schema-enforcer: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.1.4 - TBD

### Adds

- Add format_nongpl extra to jsonschema install. This ensures draft7 format checkers validate format adherence as expected while also ensuring GPL-Licenced transitive dependencies are not installed.

### Changes

- Update jsonschema schema version dependency so that only versions greater than 4.4 are supported.

### Removes

> - Native support for `iri` and `iri-reference` format checkers. This was removed because the format is implemented per the `rfc3987` jsonschema transitive dependency which is licensed under GPL.

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
- Automatic support for `iri` and `iri-reference` format checkers. This was removed because these format checkers require the `rfc3987` library, which is licensed under GPL. If you require these checkers, you can manually install `rfc3987` or install this package as `jsonschema[rfc3987]`.
```

## v1.1.4 - 2022-06-16

> ### Adds

Reviewer: This probably needs to be the start of a `v1.1.5` section right? Rather than falling under `v1.1.4`?

Author: I think we haven't formally released 1.1.4 yet, main is on 1.1.3, so was thinking both could be part of the `v1.1.4` release.

Reviewer: Right you are. I was misled by the presence of a release date for 1.1.4 in the changelog. :-)

Author: Ack. We normally include dates in the CHANGELOG.md correct? It was that there was a previous date we updated that misled?

Reviewer: Right, normally we only add a date for a given release when we actually release it :)
